[BXMSDOC-8345] clarify definition of constraint bindings (#4070)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/drools-docs/src/main/asciidoc/LanguageReference/drl-rules-WHEN-con.adoc

[NOTE]
====
Constraint binding considers only the first atomic expression that follows it. In the following example the pattern only binds the age of the person to the variable `$a`:

[source]
----
Person( $a : age * 2 < 100 )
----

> For clearer and more efficient rule definitions,  separate constraint bindings and constraint expressions. Although mixed bindings and expressions are supported, they can complicate patterns and affect evaluation efficiency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For clearer and more efficient rule definitions, separate constraint bindings and constraint expressions. Although mixed bindings and expressions are supported, which can complicate patterns and affect evaluation efficiency.
```

[NOTE]
====

> Constraint binding takes count only the first atomic expression following it. So for example in the following pattern:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Constraint binding considers only the first atomic expression that follows it. In the following example the pattern only binds the age of the person to the variable `$a`:
```

[source]
----
Person( $a : age * 2 < 100 )
----

> only binds the age of the person to the variable `$a`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> For clearer and more efficient rule definitions it is suggested that you separate constraint bindings and constraint expressions. Although mixed bindings and expressions are supported, they can complicate patterns and affect evaluation efficiency.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For clearer and more efficient rule definitions,  separate constraint bindings and constraint expressions. Although mixed bindings and expressions are supported, they can complicate patterns and affect evaluation efficiency.
```

[source]
----
// Do not use the following format:
Person( $a : age * 2 < 100 )

// Use the following format instead:
Person( age * 2 < 100, $a : age )
----

> In the former example, in case you want to bound to the variable `$a` the double of the person's age, you need to make it an atomic expression by wrapping it in parentheses like in:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the preceding example, if you want to bind to the variable `$a` the double of the person's age, you must make it an atomic expression by wrapping it in parentheses as shown in the following example:
```
